[MRG] Adds Permutation Importance (#13146)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/modules/permutation_importance.rst

`estimators`. The permutation feature importance is
defined to be the decrease in a model score when the feature value is
randomly shuffled [1]_. This procedure breaks the relationship between the
feature and the target, thus the drop in the model score is analogous to how
much the model depends on the feature. This technique benefits from being model
agnostic, only requiring the model to be `fitted` once, and can be calculated
many times with different permutations of the feature.

The :func:`permutation_importance` function calculates the feature importance
of `estimators` for a given dataset. The ``n_rounds`` parameter sets the number
of times a feature is randomly shuffled and returns a distribution of feature
importances. Note that :func:`permutation_importance` can accept a training
dataset or test dataset for computing importances. Feature importance based on
the training set can inflate the importances, when in fact, the model is
overfitting and the feature is not important. Feature importance based on the
test set gives the importance of a feature on unseen data, which gives a sense
of the features that are *actually* important.

> The :class:`sklearn.ensemble.RandomForestClassifer` provides its own tree

Reviewer: broken link

the feature and the target, thus the drop in the model score is analogous to 
how much the model depends on the feature. This technique benefits from being 
model agnostic and can be calculated many times with different permutations of 
the feature.

The :func:`permutation_importance` function calculates the feature importance
of `estimators` for a given dataset. The ``n_repeats`` parameter sets the number
of times a feature is randomly shuffled and returns a sample of feature
importances. Note that :func:`permutation_importance` can be computed on any
dataset, though it is common practice to use a hold-out set since estimates
on the training set might not be accurate. Feature importance based on
the training set can inflate the importances, when in fact, the model is
overfitting and the feature is not important. Feature importance based on the
test set gives the importance of a feature on unseen data, which gives a sense
of the features that are *actually* important.

Relation to feature importance in trees
---------------------------------------

Tree based models provides a different measure of own feature importances based

> on the mean decrease in the criterion. This gives importances to features

Reviewer 2: criterion -> splitting
```suggestion
on the mean decrease in the splitting criterion. This gives importance to features
```

that may not be predictive on unseen data. The permutation feature importance
avoids this issue, since it can be applied to unseen data. Additionally, the

> permtuation feature importance uses an arbitrary metric on the tree's 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
permutation feature importance may use an arbitrary metric on the tree's 
```

> predictions. These two methods of obtaining feature importance is explored in:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
predictions. These two methods of obtaining feature importance are explored in:
```

useful for non-linear or opaque `estimators`. The permutation feature 
importance is defined to be the decrease in a model score when the feature 
value is randomly shuffled [1]_. This procedure breaks the relationship between 
the feature and the target, thus the drop in the model score is analogous to 
how much the model depends on the feature. This technique benefits from being 
model agnostic and can be calculated many times with different permutations of 
the feature.

The :func:`permutation_importance` function calculates the feature importance
of `estimators` for a given dataset. The ``n_repeats`` parameter sets the number
of times a feature is randomly shuffled and returns a sample of feature
importances. Note that :func:`permutation_importance` can be computed on any
dataset, though it is common practice to use a hold-out set since estimates
on the training set might not be accurate. Feature importance based on
the training set can inflate the importances, when in fact, the model is
overfitting and the feature is not important. Feature importance based on the
test set gives the importance of a feature on unseen data, which gives a sense

> of the features that are *actually* important.

Reviewer 3: sounds good to me

.. _permutation_importance:

Permutation feature importance
==============================

.. currentmodule:: sklearn.inspection

Permutation feature importance is a model inspection technique that can be used
for any `fitted` `estimator` when the data is rectangular. This is especially 
useful for non-linear or opaque `estimators`. The permutation feature 

> importance is defined to be the decrease in a model score when the feature 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
importance is defined to be the decrease in a model score when a single feature 
```

value is randomly shuffled [1]_. This procedure breaks the relationship between 

> the feature and the target, thus the drop in the model score is analogous to 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
the feature and the target, thus the drop in the model score is indicative of
```

the feature.

The :func:`permutation_importance` function calculates the feature importance
of `estimators` for a given dataset. The ``n_repeats`` parameter sets the number
of times a feature is randomly shuffled and returns a sample of feature
importances. Permutation importances can either be computed on the training set
or an held-out testing or validation set. Using a held-out set makes it 
possible to highlight which features contribute the most to the generalization
power of the inspected model. Features that are important on the training set
but not on the held-out set might cause the model to overfit.

Note that features that are deemed non-important for some model with a
low predictive performance could be highly predictive for a model that
generalizes better. The conclusions should always be drawn in the context of
the specific model under inspection and cannot be automatically generalized to
the intrinsic predictive value of the features by them-selves. Therefore it is
always important to evaluate the predictive power of a model using a held-out
set (or better with cross-validation) prior to computing importances.

> Relation to feature importance in trees

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Relation to impurity-based importance in trees
```

---------------------------------------

Tree based models provides a different measure of own feature importances based

> on the mean decrease in the splitting criterion. This gives importance to 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
on the mean decrease in impurity (MDI, impurity meaning the splitting criterion). This gives importance to 
```

features that may not be predictive on unseen data. The permutation feature 
importance avoids this issue, since it can be applied to unseen data.

> Furthermore, the tree importance computed based on the impurity decrease of

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Furthermore, impurity-based feature importance for trees
```
(need some more rewrite in the next line)

Permutation feature importance
==============================

> Feature importance is an model interpretation technique that determines the 

Reviewer 4: typo in "an"

> features that are important to a model. The *permutation* feature importance is 

Reviewer 4: Philosophical error: you explain a word with the same words

defined to be the decrease in a model's score when the feature's value is 

> randomly shuffled [1]_. This procedure breaks the relationship between the 

Reviewer 4: What coudl be said even more explicitly somewhere here at the beginning: it is a general-purpose procedure that can be used for all types of estimators, especially useful in non-linear and otherwise naturally opaque types of estimators.

> feature and the target, thus the drop in the model's score is analogous to how 

Reviewer 4: "score" is imprecise here when referring to the output variables, because some people call the input-variable corresponding relevance values 'feature relevance scores' in the example of estimator=RandomForest. This may confuse readers.

much the model depends on the feature. This technique benefits from being model 
agnostic, only requiring the model to be `fitted` once, and can be calcuated 

> many times with different permutations.

Reviewer 4: in different permutation *iterations*,but not permutation *types* for example...this could be clarified

The :func:`permutation_importance` function calculates the feature importance 
of `estimators` for a given dataset. The ``n_rounds`` paramter sets the number 
of times a feature is randomly shuffled and returns a distribution of feature 
importances. Note that :func:`permutation_importance` can accept a training 
dataset or test dataset for computing importances. Feature importance based on 

> the training set can inflate the importances, when the in fact, the model is 

Reviewer 4: typo

overfitting and the feature is not important. Feature importance based on the 
test set gives the importance of a feature on unseen data, which gives a sense 
of the features that are *actually* important.

The :class:`~sklearn.ensemble.RandomForestClassifer` provides its own tree 
based feature importance that computes statistcs dervived from the training 
dataset. This can give importances to features that are not predictive of the 
target on unseen data. This use case is explored in: ref:`sphx_glr_auto_examples_inspection_plot_permutation_importance.py`.

> When a correlated feature is present in a dataset it can decrease the 

Reviewer 4: perhaps more technical: mention (multi-)collinearity among the input variables
